IU Athletic Director Fred Glass announces a capital campaign for athletic facilities Sunday at Cook Hall. Glass said IU has raised $124 million of the athletic department goal.

Junior guard Troy Williams pushes a Maryland defender away to attempt a layup Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Williams scored 23 points to help Indiana win 80-62.

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell repeats head Coach Tom Crean's play call to the Hoosiers on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. This was Ferrell's final home game at Indiana. The Hoosiers defeated Maryland 80-62. 

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell stops the ball and waits for the Hoosiers to move into position during their game against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. This was Ferrell's final home game at Indiana. The Hoosiers won  80-62. 

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell pulls in a wide pass against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Ferrell scored 17 points in his final home game at Indiana. The Hoosiers won 80-62. 

Freshman forward OG Anunoby dunks against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. The Hoosiers won 80-62.  

Junior guard Troy Williams goes to the ground attempting a layup against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Williams led the Hoosiers with 23 total points. The Hoosiers won 80-62.

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell jumps for a layup against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Ferrell scored 17 points in his final home game at Indiana. The Hoosiers won 80-62. 

Freshman center Thomas Bryant celebrates after Maryland's shot clock expired on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. The Hoosiers won 80-62. 

Freshman forward Juwan Morgan stops a Maryland defender from securing a rebound Sunday at the Assembly Hall. The Hoosiers won 80-62. 

Senior guard Nick Zeisloft delays Maryland from throwing the ball in on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. In his final home game Zeisloft scored nine points to help the Hoosier win 80-62. 

Freshman center Thomas Bryant rebounds against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. The Hoosiers won 80-62.

Head Coach Tom Crean tells his team to speed up against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. The Hoosiers won 80-62.

Head Coach Tom Crean hugs Senior guard Yogi Ferrell as the play clock expires during Ferrell's final game Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Indiana beat Maryland 80-62. 

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell points to fans during senior night after Indiana's game against Maryland on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. 

Senior forward Max Bielfeldt thanks fans during senior night on Sunday at the Assembly Hall.

Senior guard Yogi Ferrell hugs his girlfriend during senior night on Sunday at the Assembly Hall.

Junior guard Troy Williams cuts the net after finishing the regular season on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. 

Head Coach Tom Crean holds the net after finishing the regular season on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. 

Head Coach Tom Crean pats Senior guard Yogi Ferrell on the chest before addressing fans who stayed through senior night on Sunday at the Assembly Hall. Later in the night, Crean choked up while speaking about the four years he had coached Ferrell. This was Ferrell's last home game as a Hoosier.